1 The CS dept offers
several courses every 
semester.

2 Several classes are offered 
every semester. Among them we
can name cmsc131, cmsc132,
cmsc216.

3 Several classes are offered 
every semester. Among them we
can name cmsc131, cmsc132,
cmsc216.

4 Several classes are offered 
every semester. Among them we
can name cmsc131, cmsc132,
cmsc216.

5 Several classes are offered 
every semester. Among them we
can name cmsc131, cmsc132,
cmsc216.

6 Several classes are offered 
every semester. Among them we
can name cmsc131, cmsc132,
cmsc216.

7 Several classes are offered 
every semester. Among them we
can name cmsc131, cmsc132,
cmsc216.

8 Several classes are offered 
every semester. Among them we
can name cmsc131, cmsc132,
cmsc216.

9 Several classes are offered 
every semester. Among them we
can name cmsc131, cmsc132,
cmsc216.

10 Several classes are offered 
every semester. Among them we
can name cmsc131, cmsc132,
cmsc216.

11 Several classes are offered 
every semester. Among them we
can name cmsc131, cmsc132,
cmsc216.

12 Several classes are offered 
every semester. Among them we
can name cmsc131, cmsc132,
cmsc216.

13 Several classes are offered 
every semester. Among them we
can name cmsc131, cmsc132,
cmsc216.

14 Several classes are offered 
every semester. Among them we
can name cmsc131, cmsc132,
cmsc216.

15 Several classes are offered 
every semester. Among them we
can name cmsc131, cmsc132,
cmsc216.

16 Several classes are offered 
every semester. Among them we
can name cmsc131, cmsc132,
cmsc216.

17 Several classes are offered 
every semester. Among them we
can name cmsc131, cmsc132,
cmsc216.

18 Several classes are offered 
every semester. Among them we
can name cmsc131, cmsc132,
cmsc216.
